add comment identifer for use in mono repo with multiple test projects (#10)
im-open/process-dotnet-test-results: README.md

| `update-comment-if-one-exists` | false       | true                             | When `create-pr-comment` is true, this flag determines whether a new comment is created or if the action updates an existing comment if one is found which is the default behavior. |
| `ignore-test-failures`         | false       | `false`                          | When set to true the check status is set to `Neutral` when there are test failures and it will not block pull requests.                                                             |
| `timezone`                     | false       | `UTC`                            | IANA time zone name (e.g. America/Denver) to display dates in.                                                                                                                      |

> | `comment-identifier`           | false       | ``                               | Used when there is multiple test projects that run separtely but part of the same CI run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `comment-identifier`           | false       | ``                               | Used when there are multiple test projects that run separately but are part of the same CI run.
```

      
      - name: Process trx reports
        id: process-trx

>         uses: im-open/process-dotnet-test-results@v2.1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        uses: im-open/process-dotnet-test-results@v2.1.0
```

>         with:

Reviewer: This is not the right line to make this change but there is another usage of ```uses: im-open/process-dotnet-test-results@v2.0.2``` that needs to be updated to ```uses: im-open/process-dotnet-test-results@v2.1.0``` around line 85.

>           update-comment-if-one-exists: true            # Default: true

Reviewer: I can't make a comment in the right place because it didn't change, but the `uses: im-open/process-dotnet-test-results@v2.0.2` for this step needs to be updated with the new version number.  There is a section below this for specifying additional behavior that also needs to have the version updated.
